updating enterprise documentation with additional clarity (#7495)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/enterprise/index.html.md

# Consul Enterprise

> [Consul Enterprise](https://www.hashicorp.com/consul.html) focuses on the concerns of operating Consul at 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Consul Enterprise](https://www.hashicorp.com/consul.html) features ease the complexity of operating Consul at 
```
Or similar..

organizational scale by automating common operator workflows. It introduces capabilities for expanding 

> performance scalability, resiliency and cluster lifecycle. It also adds support for application and service 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performance scalability, resiliency, and cluster lifecycle. It also adds support for application and service 
```

architectures across complex network topologies. If you have already purchased Consul Enterprise, please 
see the [licensing section](#licensing) below.

Features include:

- [Automated Backups](/docs/enterprise/backups/index.html)

> - [Automated Upgrades](/docs/enterprise/upgrades/index.html)

Reviewer: @codyde Do you have an asana to track upcoming changes? @danielehc is working on new guides for Redundancy zones and automated backups.

Author: Upcoming changes as in future downstream documentation changes? I don't have one immediately. We have one for the future state updating of .io docs in general - but I'll look at creating another one for the next round of changes to include.

- [Enhanced Read Scalability](/docs/enterprise/read-scale/index.html)
- [Redundancy Zones](/docs/enterprise/redundancy/index.html)

> - [Advanced Federation for Complex Network Topologies](/docs/enterprise/federation/index.html)

Reviewer: I like that you've specified the use case. We'd discussed a table before, did that not make the cut?

Author: I had some table ideas that were a bit more involved and I want to see about tackling alongside the .io page updates. I really want to do a table here - just going to be a bit more involved short term.
